Add docs on Buffered Writes (Preview) (#19601)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.2/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md

For more information, see [Architecture > Replication Layer > Leader leases]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leader-leases).

### Buffered Writes

> Buffered Writes enhance transaction throughput and reduce operational cost by minimizing the number of round-trips between the client and the database during write operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buffered Writes enhance transaction throughput and reduce operational cost by minimizing the number of round trips between the client and the database during write operations.
```

Reviewer: Buffered Writes -> Buffered writes

> Buffered Writes enhance transaction throughput and reduce operational cost by minimizing the number of round-trips between the client and the database during write operations.

Reviewer 2: This is another place where we may want to say "transaction coordinator" rather than "client"

Author: updated this to say "gateway node and other nodes" like in some other places. I don't think most users know about "transaction coordinators" who haven't pored over our architecture docs, but we do expose the gateway node concept already in a buncha places

> For more information, see [Buffered writes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/transaction-layer.md %}#buffered-writes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Buffered writes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/transaction-layer.md %}#buffered-writes).
```

Author: ✅
